we're pleased to introduce new additions
to the preschool language scale known as
the PLS this exciting suite of tools
includes the popular pls five it
assesses the receptive and expressive
communication skills of children ages
birth through seven included our new
items for early play behaviors early
school language skills literacy skills
and theory of mind
additionally gross scale values are
available to help you track the
development of early communication
behaviors you'll be pleased to know that
the manipulatives have been updated so
that most of them are plastic that's
easily cleaned use pls five Spanish to
streamline your assessment of
monolingual and bilingual
spanish-speaking children it yields a
dual language score for auditory
comprehension expressive communication
and total language scores if you already
use the English edition you can use the
same manipulatives for the Spanish
administration new for 2012 are the pls
five of screening tests in the screening
tests Spanish they provide a snapshot of
six emerging speech and language skills
as a result you can identify young
children at risk for a language disorder
in just five to ten minutes no
manipulatives are needed for children
ages three to seven when testing infants
and toddlers you can simply use toys and
objects found within that child's play
environment as you might imagine these
new additions of pls instruments are
based on evolving best practices in
assessment also taken to account is the
changing US population and most
importantly improvements recommended by
clinicians like you visit us at pearson
clinical comm slash pls five for more
information